this is strictly in 60-seconds where we
cram a week's worth of strictly into
just one minute week seven our Halloween
show brought some tricks treats and
scary moments for the contestants
Nathalie and Phil had a treat when they
were awarded with their longed-for
scores of 30 whilst at the bottom of the
table Richard groves had a nightmare of
a rumba actually the entire routine was
very conceited to be honest and joining
him despite improving was craved just
I'm sorry I just it didn't take me
anywhere Ricki whistle quick steps his
way to near perfection with the series
high of 39 but with seven couples
scoring over 30 everyone was in danger
and it was high-scoring
ally and Zoey in a shocking dance-off
look away now if you don't want to know
who left it was footballer's wife Zoey
who was given the red card what so the
shots might be in store in Blackpool
make sure you don't miss it